what does look after all of us his
compassion his love he has created as he
has made a beautiful human being out of
us within us he has placed all these
centers he has placed the Kundalini
within us and the Kundalini has to rise
you have to get realization all that is
so no doubt all this has to work out
that's also it the truth is but still
one must know that he not in your hand
you are in his hand there are many
people who pray to God give me promotion
Oh God
you have to give me promotion and then
if he doesn't give this God is not
helpful to me why has he not given me
promotion
you should not cheap in God like that
God is the one who is almighty who has
created all this universe he has created
you and he has created you for a purpose
and that purpose is something supreme
that's not ordinary purpose the way you
think him to be he's not an ordinary
person
he's supreme and he will give you
something that is supreme supposing you
go to see some king he will not get give
you one piece really he may give you a
diamond but if you want to ask anything
from God then you must ask for the
supreme now what is the supreme the
supreme is to know him unless and until
you know yourself you are not going to
know him he has placed within you that
instrument by which you first know
yourself once you know yourself through
yourself you know him but the first
important thing is that your attention
has to be on him there is a very
different thing to
attention on God and to have a blind
faith in God these two things are
absolutely far apart to have faith in
God means I have already told you all
the silly things we do in the name of
faith but to have your attention on God
is to ask when am I going to be myself
when are you going to accept me as a
citizen of your kingdom when are you
going to use me as your instrumental
Lord this should be your attention if
your attention is like that and if you
are really of pure nature about it it
will work out it works out this is the
only thing that is needed in sahaja yoga
is a clean heart ask for it to desire
for it but today we have to understand
one thing that the essence is within us
for example innocence is absolutely pure
within us it is absolutely pure in its
own form it is absolutely pure but when
it is reflected through our medium it
gets all the way you are the way you
express it it gets spoiled if you are a
cunning person the innocence cannot be
para fest it cannot be manifested you
are in ourselves whatever God has placed
within you is completely darkened
because you cannot reflect it back there
is no manifestation about it why it
happens if you are pure if you are all
right the innocence is all right then
why it is not manifested through you why
these cunningness can stop that
innocence or any other essences that are
within you which you know which exists
on different chakras we must think about
it why it happens that even after
realization we cannot properly manifest
our in
since our primordial powers which are
within us in absolute purest form why
what happens with us the trouble is with
our attention when you became human
beings you were given full freedom to
put your attention on to anything you
wanted say if you want you can put your
attention on to any subject so I receive
a telephone so I put my attention to it
now I can go on identifying with it
thinking about it all my attention will
be enveloped and I will not pay
attention to anything else that is
happening the attention is so mobile it
has no base as if the whole thing like a
journey goes and gets attached to a
thing I mean if you waste your attention
on foolish nonsensical things what's
going to happen so this is how we put
our attention on to absolutely useless
things sometimes known to many different
things also we may put our attention to
anything that we think requires our
attention but do you have your yourself
esteem if you have then where should be
your attention it should be on yourself
where is yourself now it is God Almighty
is a part of that great primordial P
your attention should be on that after
realization your attention should be in
your heart
on your spirit which is the part of God
Almighty if your attention is on your
spirit you will be amazed how your
attention will act you seem like a jolly
which is attached to a point it may
little bit get disturbed again it will
settle down again it will graduate
disturbed it will settle now it will not
hang on to any point and will not bother
you so to put all your senses properly
first of all put your attention to your
heart and through you spirit because
that's your absolute point which you
have discovered but it doesn't happen
with many people the trouble is when
Kundalini Rises she gives two kinds of
experiences one is called as shambhavi
another called is Shakti shambhavi is
the feeling of the Shambu is the shiva
in the heart means God Almighty but the
other is shift now with Western people
it is the other because you know your
problems you have used your powers for
all kinds of ramblings in your mental
efforts everything will sit down alright
let us discuss realization what are you
going to discuss what are you going to
discuss about realization did you get
your realization by discussion how to
meditate you have to go within
yourselves see the world work out within
you cannot talk about it you cannot
discuss it you cannot argue about it it
is within because of his ramblings we
were up to the Shakti point but shadows
we do not reach not in the East where
people are not that much intelligent
that will educate it and sophisticated I
would say simple people it goes just
there and they just enjoy if you show
them any book written about sahaja yoga
example divorce book those were mother
we don't want it to read we don't
understand this there's a favor now
there what is there now flowing through
our body everything we know it's there
why should we bother about these things
and all the controversies and dogmas and
what are the churches have told you and
why they have failed and why this region
has failed fools bother
so these problems come up because their
attention has been on the spirit of
simple people have that to capacity
so now forgetting everything else all
your intelligence all your books on
education and all that you have had
forget it and just put your attention to
your heart where lies the connection
with God Almighty if your attention is
there you will be surprised that your
attention will be stabilized not only
that it will be stabilized but the
source of joy is that and you will start
feeling that job but if you want to
cooperate and help yourself then you
have to put your attention in such a way
that every problem comes in you go to
your heart not to your brain any
question comes in go to your heart there
resides the blessings of God and you
will be surprised how it will be solved
that's why I said go into thoughtless
awareness that is the quality of heart
because heart doesn't think you go to
your heart means you put your attention
to your spirit you sahaja Yogi's have to
be people of higher outward
manifestation inside you are but outward
manifestation has to be higher you have
to be humble people kind of people
sweeter people loving people
compassionate understanding that you are
there where they are today joyous people
and cheerful people otherwise nobody is
going to believe what is happening in
the Kundalini inside because whatever is
happening is happening you cannot see
that it is important that it should be
evident on you faith in
your behavior in everything for that you
have to understand that you have to
stabilize your attention at the lotus
feet of God this is called saranagati
surrendering by surrendering by
worshiping by bhakti by singing songs by
absolutely settling yourself at the
lotus feet of God already that's the
only way you are going to achieve it
after realization only you have the
entry into the kingdom of God before
that whatever you try has no meaning
Muslims world animal morning till
evening do not get in but we had some
Muslims you know that once he started
after realization he said every time I
bend I get vibrations every time I say a
last name I get vibration it has
happened with all of them because God
exists he's there it's a fact and the
time has come for all of us to feel him
and know him please put you at the
attention to your heart you cannot feel
heart you cannot know heart chakra
nothing when I say that just say that I
am putting my attention to my spirit
that's all you are saying is a mantra
itself you know now you are a realized
soul you are an enlightened person your
desire is enlightened and if you just
say that my attention is on my spirit in
my heart in the organ of heart
see now whatever you say has a meaning
you understand whatever you say is
enlightened now there's a light only
thing is if your attention is not
alright still then the light is still
dim if in the dim light to see half
things but you do see but if it is a
bright light you can see it very clearly
so to brighten up the light we just say
that let me be in my heart
it works out settles down you see as if
your order you our attention to be there
it just goes like a like a sweet little
baby she sits down there alright mother
whatever you say just say like that just
try to feel your powers what you say how
it works out even when you say mantras
these mantras also in light